right. An evaluation off. Almost promote. First off use most below. You
need to use E t. Remember that your ranking? Um, the piece needs to
be above You were breaking percentage. You need to know you're writing
percent. And given someone in e. T. Who doesn't deserve it doesn't
do you justice. Two previous sailors that work for you. Because
if you, you know, rank someone artificially high. That hurts the people
that came before you. When that person comes up for promotion, this
promotion board will pull out your average overall. So you have
to be very jealous and guarding numerical likings. And where you look,
people war got absolutely do that. What else to put in there? What
man? Woman's performance should speak for itself so quickly. The heart
example in there. Okay, first and foremost, you know, awarded Navy
Cross isn't lead it. That's why no one is, you know, awarded a legion
of marriage for his last. Okay, um, awarding the life saving medal
because the sailor went out and save a person was choking the revivals.
You know, any any awards need to be mentioned up top top right
away and then, uh, stating that. You know what? You would welcome
this person back to your living room at any time since the message.
Since the message that it's not faint praise that you would serve
with this cellar again, that that is a good message. So said, um, fill
out the rest of the block 41 helps, you know, Don't you want to limit
on the person? And it said that recommending for seeming toe Advil
program This this person envisions encapsulate represents everything
that Apple born meant. He established this even terrible. Um, this
person should yet more education than more leadership training to
help lead our nation and all fleet into the vest generation of war
fighters. So there are ways to say it to document it. Right? But start
with, you know, had safely oversaw, you know, 10,000 steaming hours
without incident. Transferred two million barrels of fuel underway
from external shipping from the supply ships, replenishment ships
and internally transfer. You know, another 1,000,000 gallons as we
safely steamed for a year under way. Okay, that's incredible. Number
of people like to see big numbers like that. Okay. Had with the landing
LSC leading safety enlisted one exit fee evaluator two for 200
safe landings. I want that person when they were coming. So first and
foremost fine points that the person And if the person is that walk
on water, I need everything that I'm just saying. But if the person
is that important, he or she should be able to give you so for tidbits
to help, right? No fit. You tell me. I can't like the Fed rep.
I mean, I need some bullets to help differentiate you.